Changes to Version 3.1-3

    o Nothing yet!

Changes to Version 3.1-2

    o specifyModel() now allows tabs in path specifications.

    o Small fixes for compatibility with R 3.0.0.

Changes to Version 3.1-1

    o Fixed bug in startvalues() when a latent variable has only 1 indicator.

    o Added custom c++ function to print debug iteration history.

Changes to Version 3.1-0

    o Added FIML objective function for handling missing data. (Preliminary implementation for single-group models only.)

    o Added miSem() for multiple imputation.

    o Added bootSem.msem() method for multi-group models; bootSem() now generic.

    o Redefinition of BIC (differs by constant from previous version, suggested by Ken Bollen).

    o Default reference.indicators=TRUE in cfa() (suggestion of Ken Bollen).

    o Added fit.indices argument to summary() methods, along with fit.indices global option. AIC and BIC provided by default; other fit indices (including addition of RNI and IFI, suggested by Ken Bollen) available optionally.

    o New version of startvalues(); old version now named startvalues2().

    o New pathDiagram.semmod() method.

    o Small fixes and changes.

Changes to Version 3.0-0

	o Compiled code for optimization.
	
	o Added multi-group models.
	
	o Modification indices for equality-constrained parameters.
	
	o weights argument added to tsls().
	
	o raw argument added to cfa().

Changes to Version 2.1-2

    o Suppress R^2s when raw moments used (they were not computed correctly).
    
    o Enhancements to update.semmod() and new edit.semmod() (suggestions of Michael Friendly).

Changes to Version 2.1-1

    o Added cfa() for compact specification of confirmatory factor analysis models.

Changes to Version 2.1-0

	o Added equation-style model specification, via specifyEquations()
	
	o Fixed bug in classifyVariables() when <- (rather than ->) used in the model.
	
	o Fixed bug in vcov.sem() when the model has just one structural parameter or just one variance/covariance parameter.

Changes to Version 2.0-0

    o Completely reworked version of the sem package. See CHANGES file for changes to older versions.

